# Release notes - Module Library Release 9.35.9-preview.0

* **[Bug fix]** When "Order status type" is set to 'none' on the order lookup module, order details are not rendered. Fixed to pass in the OrderSearchLookup value and name to internal API to get order details.
* **[Bug fix]** Long loading time for confirmation screen after 3DS authorization redirection when single payment authorization is enabled. Updated the redirection logic to avoid extra API calls.
* **[Bug fix]** If the product 'configuration' dimension is set on a product, when selected it fails to be added to the bag. Fix was to add support for the missing dimension type within "util.ts".
* **[Bug fix]** The breadcrumb is not correctly being localized when site locale is changed.  GetCategoryPath action was not respecting the locale in the cache key resulting in last cached value beign returned. Fixed to ensure the cache key considers the site locale.
* **[Bug fix]** Search autosuggest category list should only show leaf level categories that will have valid child products. Fixed to ensure only leaf categories are returned in UI.
* **[Bug fix]** Swatches functionality not working for localized dimensions. For localized pages, the product dimension won't match the dimension values "Color", "Size", or "Style" causing the swatch feature to fail and selection dropdown is displayed with the list of options instead. Code fixed to determine the dimension logic based on IDs instead of text which can be localized.
* **[Bug fix]** The autosuggest module is not rendering some search results properly, fixed with CSS fixes.
* **[Bug fix]** The search refiner slider position is displaying incorrectly, fixed with CSS changes.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed error message in store selector module to properly show when no stores are found.
