## Release notes - Module Library 9.36.17

### New Features/Updates:

* **[New feature]** Support added for Meta Pixel to track visitor activity and Meta Conversions API.
* **[New feature]** Support added for PayPal Express cart checkout for E-Commerce.
* **[New feature]** Color swatch and inventory awareness support added to the product collection module.
* **[New feature]** CSS optimization enabled on Fabrikam theme for performance improvement.
* **[New feature]** Support added for "lazy load" configuration option for all modules, this will increase page load time for modules that are not visible on initial page until the user scrolls down.

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** GetCardPaymentAcceptPoint API was returning payment amount of 0, fixed to return proper amount.
* **[Bug fix]** Added an error message to the store selector module when no stores are found.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed Fabrikam theme "add address" module to ensure the values for state, country and address are visible inside the window.
* **[Bug fix]** After completing checkout in some scenarios confirmation screen could take 1-10 seconds to load. See KB article 5008779 for more information.
* **[Bug fix]** Fabrikam theme CSS fix for the auto suggest dropdown not being aligned properly on BOPIS window.
* **[Bug fix]** Infinite quantity could added to cart for discounted products, fixed by added inventory validation in checkout and cart page for when the same product is added into multiple cart lines. The validation consolidates the quantity and verifies that is less than the available inventory.
* **[Bug fix]** Removed preview data for country region picker module.
* **[Bug fix]** Removed preview data for header module.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated active-image, tile-list-item, image-list and interactive-feature-item to fallback to default SVGs when image source is blank.
* **[Bug fix]** Pushpins are highlighting wrong data on map module corresponding to selected store due to indexing mismatch which has been fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed issue on the cart page, if quick view module was used to add new products to the cart, the cart lines were not showing proper data.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed issue where order confirmation page doesn't show payment section for customer account payment method.
* **[Bug fix]** OrderHistory was reading from cache instead of calling API to get new set of orders, showing duplicate copies of orders.
* **[Bug fix]** Category page should render the mobile view by default for mobile devices instead of fluctuating between desktop to mobile.
* **[Bug fix]** When updating B2B order template product quantities quickly, the requests are made asynchronously and as a result the server can return responses for different requests based on network latency, causing the error message: "Failed to update quantity value" and then quantity can't further be updated.  UpdateProductListLine API fixed to wait until previous API call is completed.
* **[Bug fix]** Get sales order with hydration data action has the wrong id passed in.
* **[Bug fix]** When a customer account has an invoice account associated with it, B2B site displays the credit limit of the customer account instead of the credit limit of the invoice account. The B2B website now shows the credit limit details for the organization if that organization is added as the invoice account to the customer profile that is currently logged in. Moreover, the organization's credit limit is used during the order checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** When stock checking is enabled on the e-Commerce site, the payment of invoices is prevented by the checkout button being disabled. Stock check is now skipped when cart item is an invoice.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed the display of shipping address and payment method section for pickup products in checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed an issue where the order summary shows that tax is yet to be calculated, but the estimated tax is already added in the order total causing confusion.
