## Release notes - Module Library 9.37.11

### New Features/Updates:
* **[New feature]** Prices include sales tax in E-Commerce channel
* **[New feature]** Google Pay on Adyen (with Payment Express support)

### Bug fix:

* **[Bug fix]** Category page should render the mobile view by default for mobile devices instead of fluctuating between desktop to mobile
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed the memory leak issue on the search-result-container module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed an issue where order-confimation hydration has wrong id for for the data action.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed error message when updating product quantities in order templates throws exception.
* **[Bug fix]** Affiliation prices not displayed in wishlist/ordertemplate page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed Tooltip is not showing on hovering find in store button.
* **[Bug fix]** Skip stock check when product is invoice type.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed issue for show credit limit and balance calculation for customer associated with customer\invoice account.
* **[Bug fix]** Add error message when "Allow on account" is disabled for B2B order creation.
* **[Bug fix]** The order summary shows that the Tax is yet to be calculated, but the estimated tax is already added in the order total and that can confuse the user and result in cart abandonment.
* **[Bug fix]** Delivery address is displaying for pickup products and payment method section is showing as blank for express checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated API and connector to send flag for express checkout, which can be used to distinguish express payment from regular payment.
* **[Bug fix]** Display out of stock products at the end of the list setting is not putting OOS products to the end of all pages.
* **[Bug fix]** Add check before push inventory aware refiner to refiment and hide inventory aware refiner in choice summary.
* **[Bug fix]** Post 3DS Checkout return spinner spins indefinitely if information is missing
* **[Bug fix]** Not able to checkout if adding any product in cart with Gift card.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed cart pickup dialog with correct pickup filters.
* **[Bug fix]** "Pick this up" option in cart page showing shipping delivery modes as well.
* **[Bug fix]** User is unable to place order for Free product when "Enable single payment authorization checkout" setting is checked.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed email delivery mode not to be setup by partner.
* **[Bug fix]** The Order summary view shows the Subtotal and Total discounts on the same column which is confusing to the users as they would expect that the discount be reduced from the Subtotal.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment of Loyalty signup page text is aligned to the left instead of center.
* **[Bug fix]** PayPal button is not visually aligned with the rest of the buttons.
* **[Bug fix]** Paypal express checkout - International shipping addresses in PayPal profile are loaded as US addresses.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed issue where user self review is not displayed upon page refresh.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed an issue with products getting out of stock on checkout page by comparing inventoryLocationId and warehouseId with case insensitive.
* **[Bug fix]** Accepting analytics cookies should not be a requirement for guest cart checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** Single Payment Authorization should work without Terms and Conditions module.
* **[Bug fix]** Search suggestions should not be displayed if search suggestion type property set to none.
* **[Bug fix]** Allow billing address to be changed when placing order failed.
* **[Bug fix]** BuyItAgain should not display when catalog feature is on.
* **[Bug fix]** "Remove from wishlist" message is not displaying when trying to remove the item by clicking on Wishlist button.
* **[Bug fix]** Order details showing incorrect calculation and showing null value.
* **[Bug fix]** GetCardPaymentAcceptPoint is not being called after selecting a delivery option during checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** E Commerce when trying to add selected lines from order templates
* **[Bug fix]** Send 3DS Redirection Additional Context to Correct iFrame
* **[Bug fix]** E-Commerce does not migrate WarehouseId of the cartLine when merging carts during login.
* **[Bug fix]** 3DS redirection not working for Adyen iframe.
* **[Bug fix]** Fix the width of checkout side block when there is express payment section.
* **[Bug fix]** "Pick this up" option is missing on cart page.