## Release notes - Module Library 9.38.20

### New Features/Updates:


### Bug fix:
    - Fixed order summary displayed across different pages where incorrect calculation was displayed.
    - Fixed issue for Remove item from wishlist.
    - Error Message not relevant on E Commerce when trying to add selected lines from order templates.
    - Request invoice view does not show the invoices for the first time but loads all the invoices if opened the next time. Moreover, the search is case sensitive.
    - GetCardPaymentAcceptPoint is not being called after selecting a delivery option during checkout.
    - Fixed Organization-users tile should only be visible for Admin user.
    - Sort & Filter heading is not visible on Popup window after clicking on Sort By option on category page.
    - Guest Checkout button is visible on B2B site.
    - Timeout on GetProductSearchRefiners should not cause result to switch back to previous.
    - Fixed duplicate addresses for PayPal Express Checkout.
    - Fixed inventory check when click "Place Order" button.
    - Unable to correct a wrong email address during checkout.
    - B2B Admin user cannot see organization Order history if no sales order was placed before.
    - Delivery options are not persisting after refreshing the page.
    - Fixed issue for out of stock inventory range negative upper boundary.
    - E-Commerce does not migrate WarehouseId of the cartLine when merging carts during login.
    - Quantity selector should have helping text “Specify a quantity”.
    - Fixed 3DS redirection for the Adyen iframe.
    - Redirecting from 3DS payment fails to call GetDeliveryOptions.
    - "Pick this up" option is missing on cart page.
    - Fix Google Pay for 3DS payments for orders without a shipping address.
    - Checkout Delivery Option not supported error should render as error alert.
    - Hide sortable attribute from refiners list.
    - Fix error message iframe UI for the payment instrument module.
    - Adding item from quick add is not clearing out the input fields post add to bag operation.
    - Quick Add B2B - After adding a product to Cart we can add more Quantity with Quantity field in blank.
    - Fix checkout when the total amount due is zero.
    - Prevent async customer from performing certain actions while waiting for data sync.
    - Added Spinner Icon to order template and order template list views, made product list lines calls parallel, removed getting of active prices and ratings.
    - Fixed memory leak issue on the product-collection module.
    - Search result is overlapping & going out of the search box.
    - Single Auth not passing Billing Address to Adyen.