## Release notes - Module Library 9.39.27
=======
### New Features
  - Enable Customer Service with Dynamics 365 Omnichannel for Customer Service
  - Added checkout express theme to AW theme.
___
### Bug Fixes
  - Fixed: Checkout Delivery Option not supported error should render as error alert
  - Fixed: Updated GetEstimatedProductWarehouseAvailability api call to send multiple product/warehouse pairs in cart view.
  - Fixed: Order History - Order tracking number displayed for all variants even if only one has been delivered.
  - Fixed: Error message is overlapping with other two (PayPal & GPay) buttons on checkout page
  - Fixed: Added correct name js file to fetch css for rder template list.
  - Fixed: Fixed Request statement alignment button is centered.
  - Fixed: Address view link is not visible for asynchronously created customers.
  - Fixed: Unable to delete an untitled/unpopulated template.
  - Fixed: Business organization user - Spending limit field is restricted to 10.
  - Fixed: Added a condition to avoid getdeliveryoption call after 3ds payment.
  - Fixed: Inventory aware sortable attribute is shown on refiner list.
  - Fixed: By default Digital Gift Card is taking custom price & Invoice is also not generating.
  - Fixed: Drop down is not aligned with the text in the Bulk purchase module.
  - Fixed: Fixed the Address is not Navigable to Bing or Google maps from Store Locator).
  - Fixed: Fixed the issue for If the user has a negative credit balance, then the fields used to display this value are not aligned with the rest of the fields and use a different font size than others.
  - Fixed: Fixed the pagination issue for getBusinessPartnerOrderHistory.
  - Fixed: Fixed primary image url issue by using generateImageUrl utility.
  - Fixed: Prevent async customer from performing certain actions while waiting for data sync. Hidden behind new site-level switch, `canRenderAsyncCustomerDataAsUnmodifiable`.
  - Fixed: Place Order button does not work if the Amount Due is 0 in ecomm.
  - Fixed: Order summary calculation is Incorrect and also displaying incorrect shipping charges.
  - Fixed: Delivery option is not updating automatically by applying express paypal through cart.
  - Fixed: Fixed the overlapping issue for global search bar.
  - Fixed: Added optimization and loading states to Order template module.
  - Fixed: Created global class for checkout error handling.
  - Fixed: Adding item from quick add is not clearing out the input fields post add to bag operation.
  - Fixed: After adding a product to Cart we can add more Quantity with Quantity field in blank.
  - Fixed: Single Auth not passing Billing Address to Adyen

## Release notes for 9.39.27

### Bug Fix:

- [Bug Fix] Fixed issues with order summary module when "Priceincludes sales tax" option is turned off.
- [Bug Fix] Fixed canonical url to include skip count on catagory page.
- [Bug Fix] Fixed issue with Unit price & UOM are not displaying on order template detail page.

## Release notes for 9.39.29

### Bug Fix:
  - [Bug Fix] Order amount is not updated in the GPay / PayPal dialog.
  - [Bug Fix] Update SearchOrgUnitLocation data action to use common queryresultsettingsProxy paging.
  - [Bug Fix] Fixed duplicate values rendering on the UI while selecting multiple refiner item having same name.
  - [Bug Fix] Rating filter’s name is changing after refreshing the page.

## Release notes for 9.39.32

### Bug Fix:
  - [Bug fix] Skip stock check for items when enableStockCheck config is disabled.
  - [Bug fix] Canonical url gets appended with domain query parameter sporadically. Issue is fixed.

## Release notes for 9.39.33

### Bug Fix:
  - [Bug fix] Fixed Cache issue for catalog picker.
  - [Bug fix] Request invoice: Pop-Up window is not working properly. Issue is fixed.
