## Release notes * **[Bug fix]** Module Library 9.40.10* **[Bug fix]**preview.0
=======
### New Features/Updates:
* **[Bug fix]** Added Power Virtual Agents chat module to SSK

___
### Bug Fixes
* **[Bug fix]** Scroll bars showing Fabrikam Google Pay express button when window resized too small.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed Express Google Pay module alignment.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed display style for product refiners for AW theme.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed the Address is not Navigable to Bing or Google maps from Store Locator.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed Order details label overlaps with the content.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed an issue where products are not displayed when inventoryProductAttributeRecordId is 0.
* **[Bug fix]** Sort & Filter heading is not visible on Popup window after clicking on Sort By option on category page..
* **[Bug fix]** Guest Checkout button is visible on B2B site.
* **[Bug fix]** NB* **[Bug fix]**NO Translation on addresses types is not shown during checkout process or my account.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed wrong decimal character in Credit Balance module/control when using de language.
* **[Bug fix]** Design of "Request a Statement" link is differ for user account as compared to Admin account.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed CartlineItem component in Adeventure Works theme so that it can be overridden.
* **[Bug fix]** IsPriceKeyedIn and Price are not set up while merging carts which is blocking products from being merged.
* **[Bug fix]** After activating the esc or close button, focus does not retain back to the full screen button
* **[Bug fix]** Order Template MaxQuantity Error Message not displaying correctly.
* **[Bug fix]** An error "Invalid promo code" is displaying along with discount code applied if the space exists after the applied promocode.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated the sequence of the success message in the sign up page.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment issue for street address on checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** On mini cart there is no difference for shipping and pickup products.
* **[Bug fix]** Added aria label for table components.
* **[Bug fix]** Red color is not used to indicate the error occurs in the edit fields.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated aria selected for the buttons of size and color in product details page.
* **[Bug fix]** Screen reader is not announcing descriptive information about 'Open all' and 'Close all' buttons.
* **[Bug fix]** Luminosity ratio of focus indicator on video play button.
* **[Bug fix]** "Price" Slider and "Ratings" doesn't adopt high contrast under "Item Details" screen.
* **[Bug fix]** Aria required = true not defined for mandatory field 'Choose a rating' present under 'Write a Review' button.
* **[Bug fix]** Screen reader is not announcing the status of products as "Available" when focus moves to products.
* **[Bug fix]** On Checkout Page "PayPal" & "Buy with G Pay" button sizes are different in payment section.
* **[Bug fix]** Talkback is announcing incorrect position for all the search result list items as "in list item 1 of 0" and not announcing count of total results found present under 'Store locator'.
* **[Bug fix]** Adding item from quick add is not clearing out the input fields post add to bag operation.
* **[Bug fix]** Radio button is not associated with its value present under 'Delivery address' section.
* **[Bug fix]** After clicking on close button, voice over focus does not retain back on Hamburger menu.
* **[Bug fix]** After selecting 'Shopping bag' button, upon invoking 'esc' key or 'x' button focus does not retain back on 'Shopping bag' button.
* **[Bug fix]** Discounted Price is displaying different in cart and Checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** The order template's “loading screen” goes indefinitely if one of the items from the order template cannot be added to the cart.
* **[Bug fix]** Voiceover is not announcing state as expanded or collapsed.
* **[Bug fix]** Alert message is not displaying on my wishlist page after exceeding cart line quantity limit.
* **[Bug fix]** 'Send Verification Code' button's text is truncated after setting the viewport to 320x256 pixels.
* **[Bug fix]** Infinite loading for "Place order" when "Enable single payment authorization " is in on state.
* **[Bug fix]** Added Spinner Icon to order template and order template list views, made product list lines calls parallel, removed getting of active prices and ratings.
* **[Bug fix]** Able to place order without filling billing address.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated the error message if paying through customer account fails.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment issue for street address on checkout page & My Address book while adding an address.
* **[Bug fix]** Single Auth not passing Billing Address to Adyen.
* **[Bug fix]** Removed blank space in search result page.
* **[Bug fix]** Search result is overlapping & going out of the search box.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed the space between product tiles when navigating through search.

## Release notes for 9.40.17

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** [Bug Fix]: Fixed Category-Page-Summary module to include skip parameter in canonical url.
* **[Bug fix]** [Bug Fix]: Display unit-prices and unit of measure on order template page.
* **[Bug fix]** [Bug Fix]: Fixed issues with Order Summary module when isTaxBreakup switch is on/off..
* **[Bug fix]** [Bug Fix]: Fixes to Chat module.

## Release notes for 9.40.19

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** Skip stock check for items when enableStockCheck config is disabled.
* **[Bug fix]** Update order amount for checkout express from cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** Order amount is not updated in the GPay / PayPal dialog.
* **[Bug fix]** Update SearchOrgUnitLocation data action to use common queryresultsettingsProxy paging.
* **[Bug fix]** Rating filter’s name is changing after refreshing the page.

## Release notes for 9.40.21

* **[Bug fix]** Fix PLP page reading wrong setting to call GetDimensionValuesWithEstimatedAvailabilities API.
* **[Bug fix]** Remove invalid extensions from AW theme.

## Release notes for 9.40.23

* **[Bug fix]** Catalog picker data action caches API call for previous user.
* **[Bug fix]** Error is displayed for Express paypal on cart page when adding product from FBT.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed request invoice popup issue.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed Incremental Quantity issue in the cart page.

## Release notes for 9.40.24

* **[Bug fix]** Remove the $ sign from Product refiners for length unit of measure.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed adding a new address to customer results in cart saving a mix of new address and the last address on Customer Addresses list.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed css class override issue in  OrderConfirmationOrderSummary component in order-confirmation.view.tsx file.