## Release notes - Module Library 9.41.18
=======

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** After providing invalid value in search field, keyboard focus is moving to background elements after 'close' button.
* **[Bug fix]** Auto suggest options field is accepting negative value as input.
* **[Bug fix]** Able to place order without filling billing address and infinite loading for non single auth.
* **[Bug fix]** The sales agreement section in PDP is not expandable.
* **[Bug fix]** Pagination alignment is not correct on order template detail page.
* **[Bug fix]** Error message is overlapping with order summary module on checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated aria selected for the buttons of size and color in product details page.
* **[Bug fix]** Value of the 'Volume' slider is not visible while changing the value using keyboard.
* **[Bug fix]** Keyboard focus is partially visible on "shop now" control present on the home screen.
* **[Bug fix]** OCCS chat context does not get updated sometimes for the user.
* **[Bug fix]** No. of items is overlapping with the store locator on order history page for POS orders.
* **[Bug fix]** While placing order if user click on "Back to shopping" button then order is displaying in Order history but cart is still displaying the products.
* **[Bug fix]** Added Spinner Icon to order template and order template list views, made product list lines calls parallel, removed getting of active prices and rating.
* **[Bug fix]** Incorrect error message is displaying while adding products in bag through order template.
* **[Bug fix]** User is unable to edit heading text through WYSIWYG section.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment issue for street address on checkout page & My Address book while adding an address.
* **[Bug fix]** Customer token is exposed as part of context provider property in chat module.
* **[Bug fix]** After pressing esc key to close the dropdown, then focus does not retain back on the control in shipping address.* **[Bug fix]** Title of the "Request account statement" dialog is not defined.  
* **[Bug fix]** Keyboard focus loss is observed after activating 'Play_homepage video' button present in video.
* **[Bug fix]** Talkback is announcing unnecessary information as "Shop now Winter collection online now! Buy 2 or more shoes and get 25% off!" on each control.
* **[Bug fix]** Single Auth not passing Billing Address to Adyen.
* **[Bug fix]** The alignment of text box is changing after adding an email address.
* **[Bug fix]** Incorrect error message is displaying if adding an OOS product from quick add.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed memory leak issue on the product-collection module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed multiple issues when "Price include sales tax" is in "off/on" state.
* **[Bug fix]** Error is showing in WYSIWYG when user add 'Order template Lines' module.
* **[Bug fix]** When "Update refiner panel" property is "on", rating is overlapping the Category.
* **[Bug fix]** Fix info messages in Site Builder for each proactive trigger property.
* **[Bug fix]** Guest checkout screen reader focus fixed.Screen Reader focus order is not logical after adding any product to the cart while navigating in cursor/browser mode.
* **[Bug fix]** Request invoice: Pop-Up window is not working properly.
* **[Bug fix]** Express PayPal from cart page is not working fine.
* **[Bug fix]** [ExpressCheckout]: remove hardcode 'cart' for isInCartPage check.
* **[Bug fix]** OCCS agent dashboard is not displaying full property names in additional details tab for proactive triggers.
* **[Bug fix]** Search result is overlapping & going out of the search box.
* **[Bug fix]** Map present under Store Locator is truncated after setting the viewport to 320x256 pixels.
* **[Bug fix]** Product collection still appear in WYSIWYG even deleted the product list from properties section.
* **[Bug fix]** Customer Address details become not mandatory in certain scenario on B2B sign up process (when changing "state" field).
* **[Bug fix]** Unit price & UOM are not displaying on order template detail page.
* **[Bug fix]** Express Checkout Not Working from the Cart Page.
* **[Bug fix]** When "Enable single payment authorization " is in off state, save button is disabled when saving payment section without billing address filled.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated cart view for AW theme.
* **[Bug fix]** Error message alignment failure reported when payment fails.
* **[Bug fix]** QuickOrder module did not clear dimensions after item added to cart, that caused when adding the same item to cart again, product dimension value will use the last as default value.
* **[Bug fix]** In ecommerce when a card payment error is shown, focus moves away from the field you are currently typing in.
* **[Bug fix]** Order amount is not updated in the GPay / PayPal dialog.
* **[Bug fix]** Handling inventory correctly for bulk purchase scenario.
* **[Bug fix]** ECommerce PLP reads wrong setting to call GetDimensionValuesWithEstimatedAvailabilities API for swatch enablement.
* **[Bug fix]** Update refiners counter not working as expected with hide Out Of Stock for Inventory settings for product list pages.
* **[Bug fix]** Catalog picker data action caches API call for previous user.
* **[Bug fix]** Error is displaying for Express paypal on cart page when adding product from FBT.
* **[Bug fix]** No change option is displaying in PI section, for signed in user from express PayPal through cart.