## Release notes - Module Library 9.42.41
=======

### New Features/Updates:

- Handled checkout errors for checkout-shipping-address and checkout-billing-address, appended catalog ID to URL after customer is selected, and removed unnecessary calls in GetCardPaymentAcceptPoint.
- Hid other payments when OBO is enabled, disabled Edit button for Name on account page for OBO, and removed incorrect number of orders in Order History page.
- Fixed text alignment for "View bag and checkout" & "Continue shopping" buttons on "Add to bag" popup.

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** "Requesting account statement" now allows future date selection.
* **[Bug fix]** Non-admin users can now successfully use "Pay invoice" button without being redirected to a blank cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** Order templates modal now displays the correct size and product cards no longer elongate when zooming out.
* **[Bug fix]** Add to cart dialog now shows complete item details and wishlist updates correctly when removing products.
* **[Bug fix]** Sign-up page no longer shows errors when address field is required and state dropdown changes.
* **[Bug fix]** Correct result message is displayed when searching for an invalid invoice number.
* **[Bug fix]** PVA Proactive Panel no longer overlaps with site content and iframe issue preventing users from clicking on homepage is fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Media gallery filter now correctly hides primary images and alignment issue for street address field is fixed on checkout page and My Address book.
* **[Bug fix]** User authenticated check in preview data-action prevents calling get full order templates and space between product tiles is fixed when navigating through search.
* **[Bug fix]** Bulk purchase is now possible in AW B2B site even when enableStockCheck is false and Order Template and Invoice List modules are now marked as B2B.
* **[Bug fix]** Description and default value of Suggested Action property in OCCS is fixed and telemetry tag name used in OCCS chat module properties is corrected.
* **[Bug fix]** Misleading error message is resolved when non-admin users try to see organization Order history.
* **[Bug fix]** "Quick view" button in the Related product section of Fabrikam and Adventure Works (B2B & B2C) is now keyboard accessible and payment section save button is re-enabled after update to payment instrument module state.
* **[Bug fix]** The title box of the Tab item module lost focus in Site builder, which caused an issue with editing headings in WYSIWYG, but this issue has been fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Express PayPal option was not displaying on the cart page for Adventure Works B2C but has now been fixed and screen readers now announce when a gift card has been successfully added during checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** Dependencies of starter-pack and fabrikam-design-kit have been removed from the chat module.
* **[Bug fix]** "Create order template" option is now displaying after removing all templates from the My profile order template.
* **[Bug fix]** OBO Business partner table line nested hover UI has been fixed and additional telemetry added to the PVA chat module.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment issue for the "Digital gift card box" has been fixed for Dynamics 365 gift cards on the AW B2C checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** Unnecessary cart API calls have been removed from the checkout-express-payment module when refreshing checkout and custom amount input for checkout-customer-account-payment module now takes decimal characters as per the selected locale.
* **[Bug fix]** Express checkout is now working from the cart page and alignment failure with the SSK error message when payment fails has been fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Specific location code proactive trigger is no longer case sensitive for Fabrikam and Adventure Works.
* **[Bug fix]** QuickOrder module now clears dimensions after adding an item to the cart, fixing a bug where product dimension values would use the last as the default value when adding the same item to the cart again.
* **[Bug fix]** Apply credit balance option is now working correctly when the amount in the input box is removed after clicking on the cross icon for Adventure Works B2B and gift card option now collapses in the payment section on the AW B2B checkout page after selecting account credits.
* **[Bug fix]** Incorrect error message while adding products in a bag through an order template for AW B2B is fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Users can no longer apply future date selection for "Requesting account statement" on Organization Users Page for AW Business Account.
* **[Bug fix]** Rating filter's name changes after refreshing the page and alignment of "Add to Bag Button" on Quick view is corrected.
* **[Bug fix]** Default Query result settings for Search-org-unit-location data action are fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Product comparison hover flickers and bounces when moving the mouse between header and cell and mini cart remove button occupying the full width of the modal popup.
* **[Bug fix]** Expose updatecartlines in cart and checkout states and product URLs no longer redirect to 404 page through invoice details page.
* **[Bug fix]** UI is fixed for Additional information drop-down and applied customer amount payment.
* **[Bug fix]** Analyzed and fixed quick order module on cart page for both B2B and B2C users and after removing the heading text from property bag it is showing 'undefined' instead of 'click to edit' in WYSIWYG.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed refiners not working as expected when using hideOos setting and ECommerce PLP reads wrong setting to call GetDimensionValuesWithEstimatedAvailabilities API for swatch enablement.
* **[Bug fix]** Payment information is updating in the checkout page for Checkout Express from the cart page and analyzed and fixed quick order grid page for both B2B and B2C users.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated the CSS for AW theme to fix alignment issue for Gpay in PI section and chat module overlaps add to bag button in quick view.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed alignment issues for shipping address and Billing address dropdown issues in the checkout page and getting incorrect error message for quick order by exceeding the quantity limit.
* **[Bug fix]** Removed design distortion on store locator page and used Alert UI to display error for OBO.
* **[Bug fix]** No change option is displaying in PI section for signed-in users from express PayPal through the cart and fixed alignment issue for street address field while adding an address on My Address book in AW.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed OBO user email issue for order and enabled invoice button and catalog labels are no longer missing for cart lines in mini-cart and mini-shopping bag in the checkout.
* **[Bug fix]** Only call getDimensionAvailabilitiesForProducts API once for one product and configured sales order ID to display for order details view.
* **[Bug fix]** Added the catalog name in order history page and fixed the repeating filter name issue while doing global search.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed wrong error message when "Enabled Enhanced Online Channel Error Display Messaging" is enabled and issue with cart saving a mix of new and last address when adding a new address to the customer.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed HTML class override happening in OrderConfirmationOrderSummary component in order-confirmation.view.tsx file and fixed Gpay and Paypal button alignment and information alignment on PI section.
* **[Bug fix]** Product is now displaying in the order details after excluding from the assortment and fixed "Add to bag" button's design distortion on quick view popup.
* **[Bug fix]** Added defaultWarehouseOnly parameter when getting estimated availability in Bulk Purchase module and fixed alignment issues for shipping address and Billing address dropdown issues in the checkout page.

## Release notes for 9.42.43

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed the issue of missing quantity input boxes and prices on the cart page.