## Release notes - Module Library 9.43
=======

### New Features/Updates:

- Data actions to not make an API call when -1 catalog is used.

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** Invoices not showing in B2C sites.
* **[Bug fix]** Flyout cart page should check if channel type is B2B to populate product URL.
* **[Bug fix]** Configured catalog label to check if channel is of type B2B.
* **[Bug fix]** For catalog-related modules, channel type (instead of user type) should be checked for B2B.
* **[Bug fix]** Promobanner module css fix if used isolated as a module in page.
* **[Bug fix]** Configured account statement request modal HTML to match Figma design.
* **[Bug fix]** Rewards points for loyalty's alignment is not correct on checkout page.
* **[Bug fix]** Quick Order Grid product add successfully after productlist creation.
* **[Bug fix]** Added a reaction with await calls in for loop to fix duplicate calls.
* **[Bug fix]** Updated styling of order details page.
* **[Bug fix]** Product is not displaying in the order details after excluding from the assortment.
* **[Bug fix]** Alignment mismatch for Gift card text on order summary for invoice payment.
* **[Bug fix]** Adding a new address to customer results in cart saving a mix of new address and the last address on Customer.Addresses list.
* **[Bug fix]** alignment mismatch with buttons on pop-ups related to adding to bag or checking out.
* **[Bug fix]** issues related to the display of certain buttons and options on the quick view pop-up.
* **[Bug fix]** error where account credit points were not properly updating amount due in a B2B scenario.
* **[Bug fix]** overlapping concerns and visibility of text on autosuggestion pop-ups and dropdowns.
* **[Bug fix]** error messages being displayed incorrectly when certain properties were disabled.
* **[Bug fix]** bugs related to product catalogs not being properly identified and displayed.
* **[Bug fix]** bugs related to certain options, such as "Pick this up," not being displayed properly on cart pages and quick views.
* **[Bug fix]** alignment concerns related to buttons, checkboxes, and other elements on various pages.
* **[Bug fix]** disabled the email ID section on checkout pages when paying invoices.
* **[Bug fix]** bugs related to the display of headings and buttons on certain modules and pages.
* **[Bug fix]** bugs related to the display of certain user profile details and headings.
* **[Bug fix]** UX error in ar-ae locale pages after inserting a module.
* **[Bug fix]** an error where no notification was displayed when adding a product for a single variant.
* **[Bug fix]** an error where the cart line limit message was not updating for product variants.
* **[Bug fix]** Gpay and Paypal buttons and Gpay information alignment on PI section.
* **[Bug fix]** an error where the zoom in/out container was getting hidden behind a full-screen popup while zooming product images on PDP.
* **[Bug fix]** footer CSS layout discrepancies.
* **[Bug fix]** distorted content block CSS under WYSIWYG or after previewing the page.
* **[Bug fix]** C2 users can now view order placed by details in order history and order details pages.
* **[Bug fix]** "Order placed by" and "On behalf of" information is now visible in the "Details view" for orders not created in HQ.
* **[Bug fix]** PVA chat module now correctly renders in mobile view and does not overlap with page content.
* **[Bug fix]** Chat button on the homepage is now clickable while scrolling the page up.
* **[Bug fix]** Shipping address fields on the cart checkout page are now aligned properly.
* **[Bug fix]** Image cropping and focal points in the Interactive Feature module now display as expected.
* **[Bug fix]** Quick Order now correctly displays one price for discounted products.
* **[Bug fix]** "No products found for the selected category" message now displays only once after applying filters from the hamburger menu.
* **[Bug fix]** Bulk Purchase now shows accurate availability by adding a new defaultWarehouseOnly parameter.
* **[Bug fix]** Quantity input box and product price are now displayed properly on the cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** order history filter to render only for admin B2B users.
* **[Bug fix]** the cart view to check for email delivery mode, enabling certain checkout options when required.
* **[Bug fix]** the Business Partner users list page to show an information icon with a warning message when zero funds are available.

