## Release notes - Module Library 9.44
=======

### New Features/Updates:


### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the issue where the root category page was missing canonical URL and title when using the default category page with the category-page-summary module.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the issue where the Apply button was enabled for NaN amount in the 0$ account credit in checkout.
* **[Bug fix]**  Added CSS to fix the loading message issue after changing email on the Forgot Password page.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the issue where font color and text size changes weren't appearing in live site and preview URLs for certain modules.
* **[Bug fix]**  Added the defaultWarehouseOnly parameter when getting estimated availability in the Bulk Purchase module to fix out of stock errors.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the order history error in AW ecommerce.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the order history details pickup vs delivery UI issue in AW ecommerce.
* **[Bug fix]**  Validated the channel type for rendering B2B requests and added blue link color for user names in Business Partner selection page.
* **[Bug fix]**  Removed the reaction to the shouldCollapsePaymentSection property to prevent iframe refresh and added CSS to fix the RNR modal popup on edit for Fabrikam rating suggestions.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the Chat Bot popup overlapping with the header in Fabrikam.
* **[Bug fix]**  Readjusted the out of stock errors for color swatches in AW ecommerce B2B.
* **[Bug fix]**  Configured the max quantity limit error message to appear in the correct cart line in AW B2B cart.
* **[Bug fix]**  Added a check for the undefined maxQuantityForCartLineItem configuration parameter and utility function for setting default quantity in the cart.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the issue where the product price and status overlapped on the order details page and applied customer credit before gift card to fix the order placement issue in AW B2B checkout.
* **[Bug fix]**  Added channel type validation for rendering order templates in the B2B scenario and fixed the missing "Pay Invoice" text, count of invoices, and invoice date in the cart when invoices are present in AW B2B.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the alignment issue on the order details page in Fabrikam for iPhone and Android.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the issue where the cursor was removed when editing the heading in the Loyalty signup WYSIWYG section for Fabrikam.
* **[Bug fix]**  Updated the CSS to fix the image link not being clickable in the Slim Hero Large layout module with text overlay in the content block.
* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed the hand icon issue on the "See all" link in the Store Locator.
* **[Bug fix]**  The order template now adds all selected products, and the alignment issue while adding the shipping address on the checkout page is fixed.
* **[Bug fix]**  The "Sign in" button clickable issue in the content block module is fixed, and the filter by drop-down overlapping issue in the store selector with the menu is fixed.
* **[Bug fix]**  The product title repeating two times on the review window is fixed, and the content block images being scaled incorrectly issue is fixed.
* **[Bug fix]**  The "View details" link is no longer blue in the order history table, and the verification code message is no longer displayed below the verification code box.
* **[Bug fix]**  The add to cart template issue is fixed, enabling navigation to cart and checkout pages.
* **[Bug fix]**  The cartline now has all properties of the cart line after the merge cart, and the validation results pairs checked to validate the cart and enable the checkout button on the flyout mini cart.
* **[Bug fix]**  The quantity input box and price of the product are no longer missing on the cart page, and the API is no longer cached to avoid an error when adding more quantity than the maximum limit.
* **[Bug fix]**  "Category" and "Price" now display on the PLP page, and the tsconfig is updated for retail-actions and fixed data-actions.

