## Release notes - Module Library 9.45
=======

### New Features/Updates:

- B2B Sites configured for Account Payment only don't allow the "Place Order" button when Payment Module is not present

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Wishlist icon is displaying twice on my account page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Added channel type validation for account customer balance and checkout customer account paymentin a B2B scenario.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Unable to save phone number in My address page using "x" symbol
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Getting "Something went wrong error message" while updating additional information.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Address type not translated in Checkout Form - Address List
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: No content is visible in WYSIWYG when social share item module is added inside social share module
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Icons are missing for Pick update & time slot
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: In the flyout mini cat, validation results pairs should be checked to validate cart and enable checkout button.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: No. of items alignment with the store locator on order history page for POS orders is not correct.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: API need not to be cache as it wont have diffrent payload.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Add to cart notification pop up is displaying on left side after adding any product from PDP
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: ZoomIn/Out Alignment issue in shipping address on checkout page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Quantity input box and price of the product is missing on cart page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order history is not showing strike out price if quantity is greater than 1.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "Wechat pay" Payment method is displaying out of the Payment method box
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Paypal button's is showing a scroll bar and width of Gpay & Paypal button is not matching with checkout button.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Alignment issue for Express Apple Pay module alignment not fine on Checkout Page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Paypal and Gpay Button are not aligned in PI section.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Cart is not updating through quick order page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Updated the tsconfig for the retail-actions and fixed the data-actions.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Numbers in checkout are not adding up.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Paypal button's height is not aligned with other buttons.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Scrolling issue in the store-selector for the AW theme.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Pay open invoices Information should be different if we are adding same invoice twice from Invoice details to cart
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Store locator design is   not matching with the figma design
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Allow Apple Pay module to be added to cart page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Displayed "order placed by" column for admin B2B users in order history for current user.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: “Category” and “Price” are missing on the PLP page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order history is not working on B2B channel when user has transacted on both b2c and b2b channels
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order confirmation dialog displaying "Shipping items to [customerName]" when order created On Behalf Of [CustomerName].
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Alignment of my account icon is changing before & after signin
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Product price is not matching with the subtotal when the "Tax include sales tax" is on for signed in user
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: For women shoes category after changing drop down property extra space is displaying
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Tax is applying for the "Total Discount" amount
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: PayPal button's width is not similar like other buttons
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Alignment issue for checkout page PayPal, Google Pay and Apple Pay
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Unable to add duplicate cart to order template
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: On mini cart there is no difference for shipping and pickup products.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "Added to your Wishlist" message is still displaying after selecting different variant than added one.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Alignment issues for Google pay button.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: CSS Fix of Stores page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Primary address is not persisting on checkout page if user changes shipping mode product to pickup and again to shipping mode
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Signin page is not matching with figma design
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: No: of items and AW channel name is overlapping on order details page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: After Setting 320*256 pixels "Site" option is gets truncating.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: PayPal Express Pop-up is not accounting for Loyalty or Gift Card reductions
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [ECOM] Failed checkout could place several same orders if cart is edited
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Extra check should NOT on B2B User's credit limit for available funds.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Enable Enhanced Online Channel Error Display Messaging breaking checkout flow in case of checkout error.

## Release notes for 9.45.16

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: E-Commerce PayPal transactions may fail when cart price changes

## Release notes for 9.45.17

* **[Bug fix]**  Fixed: Payment iframe is blocked by WaitingComponent
