## Release notes - Module Library 9.46
=======

### New Features/Updates:

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed extra space displaying below checkout button when adding invoices to the cart.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed issue with Getdeliveryoptions causing UI break in the mini-cart module.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Spacing is now present between Add to Bag and Wishlist button.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Address type array now handles non-sequential enums correctly, preventing page breakage.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Zoom in/out container no longer hides behind full-screen popup when zooming product images on PDP.
* **[Bug fix]** 	PayPal & GPay modules no longer overlap each other on the Checkout Page in PI section.
* **[Bug fix]** 	PayPal & Buy with Gay buttons are now aligned with Guest checkout button on the cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Alignment of express PayPal and Buy with Gpay buttons on the checkout page is now correct.
* **[Bug fix]** 	PayPal and Gpay buttons are now properly aligned after getting an error due to Google Pay.
* **[Bug fix]** 	After invoicing, icons are no longer missing before shipping & picked up text in order details.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Checkout button is now disabled when there's a validation error message on the cart page for the product.
* **[Bug fix]** 	"Added/Removed" Wishlist message no longer overlaps with the Wishlist icon.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Cartline price now shows the correct amount with all delivery modes and isPriceTaxIncluded on/off.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Checkout button is now greyed out with an informative error message when no inventory is available.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Different icons are displayed for pickup and shipping products on the cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Products on PLP page are now properly aligned with filters.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Enhanced Online Channel Error Display Messaging no longer breaks the checkout flow in case of errors.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Extra space on the bulk purchase window has been removed.
* **[Bug fix]** 	PayPal & Buy with Gray buttons are now aligned with the Guest checkout/Checkout button on the cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** 	PayPal button is now clickable again after getting an error due to Google Pay.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Checkout & Back to shopping buttons of the payment section are now properly displayed on the checkout page after adding invoices to the cart.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Availability of dimensions is now properly refreshed on PLP when selecting an out-of-stock refiner.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Order summary module now considers changes even if the props do not have isShowTaxBreakup and isTaxIncludedInPrice.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Precedence in the swatch control has been updated.
* **[Bug fix]** 	B2C Ecommerce site no longer shows the "Default" catalog in the ECommerce PDP.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Added catalog dropdown to the existing product search dialog, which appears only when the catalog feature is on.
* **[Bug fix]** 	The selected catalog ID is now passed to the SearchByCritiria API.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Various tasks related to updating unit tests, creating manual test steps, and fixing issues with B2B sites and the Payment Module.
