## Release notes - Module Library 9.47

=======

### New Features/Updates:

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Cursor is displaying instead of handpicker symbol for remove link on minicart
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: B2B Sites configured for Account Payment only don't allow the "Place Order" button when Payment Module is not present
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Prospect onboarding page not working for Mozilla and Safari
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Hide inventory availability when disable stock check in siteBuilder
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Hide subtotal and show alert when adding invoice to cart
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: On order template view cart page images displayed with cropped image
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Price Symbols are different on site while placing order from pos.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Enable Enhanced Online Channel Error Display Messaging breaking checkout flow in case of checkout error.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Overlapping issue on checkout page while adding products & Invoices
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Remove B2B User's credit limit check for available funds.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Passing dimension id instead of dimension value to the GetDimensionValuesWithEstimatedAvailabilities
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Place a bulk order link fails to navigate to Purchase in bulk section properly when clicked
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Disable PDP navigation and reordering for products that are from unavailable catalogs in B2B.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Filtration of the images based upon variant selection.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Quick view: product dimension selected is not persisted when navigating to PDP by clicking "See Details" button.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Added validation for unassorted and out of stock products in order templates.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: After selecting color swatch on PDP or Quick view the font is changing to capital letters
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Payment information is not updating for all payment methods getting "CCR029" error.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Clean up of the bootstrap CSS
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Fallback image should be empty in case of Omni.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Alignment of Apple pay button is incorrect on cart and checkout pages.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Product image issue in Invoice Details module.
* **[Bug fix]** 	Fixed: Additional media module.

## Release notes for 9.47.13

* **[Bug fix]**     Fixed: Payment iframe is blocked by WaitingComponent
* **[Bug fix]**     Fixed: Order Details Page is not passing correct delivery mode when calling AddtoCart in case of giftcard or email delivery mode
* **[Bug fix]**     Fixed: Quick View is not passing correct delivery mode when calling AddtoCart in case of giftcard or email delivery mode
* **[Bug fix]**     Fixed: "Open in new tab" is not working for image list and tile list items
