## Release notes - Module Library 9.48
=======

### New Features/Updates:

- SSK: Video support in media gallery

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Paypal & GPay buttons are overlapping each other on Checkout PI section.
* **[Bug fix]** Completed: Added the fast tabs to new order history module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Fixed Product image issue in Invoice Details module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Wrong loyalty card attached to order and displayed on E-com modules.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: OBO - Allow to configure different strings for "Select business partner organizations" and "Select business partner users".
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [OBO] Business partner table search doesn't work
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: PVA chat bot is sitting too high on mobile
* **[Bug fix]** Completed: [ECommerce] Implement Promote business partner from buyer to seller.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: User is not able to edit heading, via WYSIWYG under Image List module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: User is not able to edit additional content (subtext), via WYSIWYG under Content block module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Fixed UI of OOS and unavailable products for order template lines.
* **[Bug fix]** Completed: Replaced order history API calls with search API calls.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: User is not able to edit additional content (subtext), via WYSIWYG under Content block module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: User is not able to edit the heading & rich text content through WYSIWYG section
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Quick View is not passing correct delivery mode when calling AddtoCart in case of giftcard or email delivery mode.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Out of stock product's Variants not displaying as grey or strike out.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Fixed the delivery filtration issue in the store selector module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Alignment of Apple pay button is incorrect on cart page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Fixed Invoice search in the "Request Invoice" window.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Total Amount is not updating for cart express PayPal & Gpay if removing product in cart.
* **[Bug fix]** Completed: Order history improvements - Allow users to filter and search orders in order history
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order Details Page is not passing correct delivery mode when calling AddtoCart in case of giftcard or email delivery mode.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Cannot checkout zero dollar cart using customer account payment method.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Paypal & GPay buttons are overlapping each other on Checkout PI section for 100% screen resolution.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: User is not able to add image, via WYSIWYG under feature module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: B2B Ecommerce Quick add module in the Cart shows out of stock on initial stock availability run.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Terms and conditions asked to be accepted twice for 3DS scenario's.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Facing issues on order history search & filters
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: The shopping cart line shows an unwanted image placeholder even though the product image is displayed

## Release notes for 9.48.28

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "Open in new tab" not working for image list and tile list items
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Replace inventory availability string attribute with boolean attribute.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "Order placed by" does not appear in order history page (detailed view) when using order-history-with-search-and-filters module
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order history page layout is different before and after order id generation
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Facing issues on order history search field
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Timeslots not appearing correctly in website.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Ring1tie]Checkout sometimes fails after redirect due to cart version mismatch error

## Release notes for 9.48.35

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Customer can not pick up any product when "Find in store" on PDP in eCommerce site.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Unable to add products from quick add on on quick order page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: First variant selected in buybox on PDP
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: After 3DS pay, checkout call fails due to amount mismatch.
