## Release notes - Module Library 9.49
=======

### New Features/Updates:

- Update spacer to include optional HR
- Updated shipping address UI to display new shipping address option as a link instead of button.
- Access order details page using a menu of options when the list view is active instead of using a link
- Add background color prop for content block/containers etc.

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** Timeslots not appearing correctly in website.
* **[Bug fix]** Media gallery module should render the images on the server side if the Omni feature is enabled.
* **[Bug fix]** Facing issues on order history search & filters
* **[Bug fix]** The shopping cart line shows an unwanted image placeholder even though the product image is displayed
* **[Bug fix]** "Order placed by" does not appear in order history page (detailed view) when using order-history-with-search-and-filters module
* **[Bug fix]** "Open in new tab" not working for image list and tile list items
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Ring1tie][AW B2B][Order templates][Order template lines page] : Unable to increase/decrease quantity of the product lines on order template lines page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: For consistency in server-side and client-side quantity validation, the site builder setting "Enable order quantity limits" has been moved to HQ Online store functionality profile as "Ignore default order settings".
* **[Bug fix]** ECommerce PDP makes excessive number of GetDimensionValuesWithEstimatedAvailabilities calls
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Ring1tie] Checkout sometimes fails after redirect due to cart version mismatch error
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Replace inventory availability string attribute with boolean attribute.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Quantity limits in quick order.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Incorrect alignment of cross icon on media gallery.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "Compare products" button which is accessible with mouse is not keyboard accessible..
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Order history page layout is different before and after order id generation
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Facing issues on order history search field is not keyboard accessible
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: "HomePage - Compare products" button which is accessible with mouse is not keyboard accessible..
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Respect inventory refiner in search suggestion  when hide OOS is enabled
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Make initializeDimension as optional to avoid build failure.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Customer can not pick up any product when "Find in store" on PDP in eCommerce site.
