## Release notes - Module Library 9.50
=======

### New Features/Updates:

### Bug Fixes

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Master products show free for product collections with listType promotional in Ecommerce.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Wrong loyalty card in the ECommerce active cart.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Account credit>Navigation]: The keyboard focus is not retaining back on the triggered control after invoking cancel button or 'Esc' key.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Update email regex to accept all-number subdomains
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Product details] ARIA selected attribute is not allowed for the radio buttons present under "Size" section.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Product details>Reviews] Luminosity ratio of Price '$75.00' numeric value is less than 4.5:1.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Centered aligned the distributor selector module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Delivery Option] "Billing Address" appears as heading but not defined under any heading tag.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Product Details Page>Navigation] Heading hierarchy is not defined sequentially on the "Coats" product details page.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Customer can not pick up any product when "Find in store" on PDP in eCommerce site.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Error Message displaying twice if Quantity is exceeded in Ecommerce Site.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: When user setting quantity on cart line will have error "Quantity must be positive.".
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW][B2B][Order template] The unsaved text is appearing as static continuously on create/rename order template title popup window.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Fix the product] If we get customer cart call fails, we should retry once before creating new cart and add console logs to find the error.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Keep PLP filter page fonts consistent with figma.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW B2B][AW B2C][Fabrikam][Checkout][PayPal & Buy with Gpay] Paypal & GPay buttons are overlapping each other on Checkout PI section for 100% screen resolution.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW][B2B][Quick order][Quick add] Unable to add products from quick add on on quick order page
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW/Fabrikam][Order details][List view] Alignment of action button on order detail page for list view is incorrect.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Order-History]: Keep PLP filter page fonts consistent with figma.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [B2B] On the B2B site, when an invoice is present in the cart and the user tries to add an item from order template to the cart, then the error message shown to the user is not descriptive.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Corrected import statement for price component in address module.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Delivery Option] Screen reader doesn't announce the type of delivery when focus lands on radio button under "Delivery option".
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [B2B] Drop down shown for the Action does not close automatically when some other invoice row is selected.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [B2B] On the B2B site, the buyer can click on the "Make a payment" button without selecting any invoice.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Wishlist images are not populated on Wishlist module
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: GetAttributeValues does not bring all values
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW][B2B/B2C][PLP][Rating Stars] Incorrect alignment for rating stars
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Accessibility] Pressing the tab skips the dimensions selection buttons on the Quick add control of the B2B ecommerce
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Changing page sorting does not reset page numbering.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Fabrikam][Checkout][Android]: Save and cancel buttons are overlapping on my address book
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [CSS Module Optimization] Included bootstrap CSS for the SDK modules.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW B2B][Distributor list] Updated max height for the distributor selector popup.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: First variant selected in buybox on PDP
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [AW][B2B] Fixed the user name and the distributor selector name width
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: [Category page] Category page not rendering in the sitebuilder.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: When an order was placed using OBO capability, then the organization-wide order history shows the keyword "You" against the order which was placed for another business buyer.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Fix shipping address module bugs.

## Release notes for 9.50.6

* **[Bug fix]** Fixed: Using the B2B ecommerce website, if the invoice payment times out and throws an error, then these invoices are left in the shopping cart, even though the invoice settlement might succeed after a few mins.
