# Release notes - Online SDK 1.35.13

* **[New feature]** Support for CSS chunking for improved performance.
* **[New feature]** Increase the pageCache min/max limits (TTL and TTR).  TTL limit has been adjusted to 30 mins / 3 hours.  TTR limit has been adjusted to 15 mins / 1 hour.
* **[New feature]** New pack v2 optimizations to ensure react, react.dom files and theme CSS files are cached properly on browser.
* **[New feature]** Upgrade @microsoft/applicationinsights-web version from 2.5.11 to 2.7.1.
* **[New feature]** Ensure the cached data in page cache is compressed for better performance.
* **[New feature]** Introduced new service worker to preload all static js chunk files during the installation stage.
* **[New feature]** Perf optimization to only download intl library on pages when explicitly needed.
* **[New feature]** To improve initial page load (TBT), fixed dispatch & track events in client render only when in verbose/editor mode.
* **[Bug fix]** Image fallback optimization for media gallery module throwing errors in development mode. This was due to React file mismatch which is now fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Accessibility issue with editorial page content "skip-to-main" which should not be focusable inside of WYSIWYG editor, causing accessibility issues. Fixed by setting correct tab index.
* **[Bug fix]** Experiments connector GetUserDefinedSecrets API call is failing due to baseUrl missing '/' at the end, which is now fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** Cleaned up client-side console errors and warnings for experiment connector and Mobx observer.
* **[Bug fix]** Build breaks when a module defines an array of objects that is undefined in the module definition file.  Proper error is now shown to user that the object does not include the required properties object.
* **[Bug fix]** Error when opening localhost after rebuilding a module. This is a known HMR issue with webpack 5 with older version of html-webpack-plugin. Updating the html-webpack-plugin to latest 5.5.0 fixed the issue.
* **[Bug fix]** If experiment connector API takes too long, the page request can fail.  A threshold timeout has been added to the API call to fix the issue.
* **[Bug fix]** When a module on a page was missing or deleted, the new JS bundle optimization had registration errors.  Issue is now fixed.
* **[Bug fix]** The "isB2b" property is not set properly on localhost machine with an authenticated B2B user through secrets.json file. Fix to ensure the property value is leveraged.
* **[Bug fix]** Fix to pack v2 to not delete and restore the eslintrc file
* **[Bug fix]** During development, hot module reload was improperly rebuilding all themes even when no changes were made.  Fixed to only rebuild themes with code changes.
* **[Bug fix]** Bug 650465: WYSIWYG chunk load errors . New page creation in site builder was causing chunk load errors.  This was due to new JS bundle optimizations, issue fixed.

# Release notes - Online SDK 1.35.17
* **[Bug fix]** Update CSS Chunking for better RTL support by injecting both default module css and the RTL overrides
* **[Bug fix]** Update CSS Chunking for handling WYSIWYG scenarios in site builder


# Release notes - Online SDK 1.35.19
* Revert the image hydration behavior while using optimizedImageFallback

# Release notes - Online SDK 1.35.20
* Add catalogId parameter to UrlGenerator as a optional parameter to aid backporting the catalog feature.
* Cherrypick PackV2 default setting to 1.35 SDK

