## Release notes for 1.40.0

### New Features/Updates:
- [New feature]: [Added script to port default theme styles to new module CSS structure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/commerce/e-commerce-extensibility/cli-command-reference#optimize-module-css)
- [New feature]: Added new utility method getCatalogName to help retrieve catalog name
- [New feature]: Added cli tool 'npx @msdyn365-commerce/create-commerce-package' to create ecommerce package for ISV partners

### Bug fix:
- [Bug fix]: Fixed invalid script tags on the page when nonce token is specified in the content security policy
- [Bug fix]: Added axios timeout configuration in optimizely connector to help axios manage the api call timeouts
- [Bug fix]: Fixed node request failures when geo lookup connector api calls timeout.
- [Bug fix]: Fixed telemetry to log detailed error message when data action cache key is not found in the app cache
- [Bug fix]: Component override cli had unresolved imports as part of the override file. Issue is fixed.
- [Bug fix]: Fixed incorrect rendering of 'add module' controls in site builder when a module is selected in the page outline
- [Bug fix]: Content-block module's 'Text placement' config option was not honored as expected. Issue is fixed.
- [Bug fix]: Fixed the issue where deleted products were showing up in the site builder
- [Bug fix]: Updated terser-web-plugin to 2.3.8 version

## Release notes for 1.40.6

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed "Unexpected identifier - Object' exception when API call to fetch experiment connector manifest file fails.
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed issue where Geo Location connector JSON format was not consistent once user location is saved in cache

## Release notes for 1.40.8

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed code to not append domain query string to URLs when hostname and domain are same
* **[Bug fix]** Fixed missing products (sporadic issue) list when list type is "Products by category" in product collection module

## Release notes for 1.40.10

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** Revert the fix for Geo Location connector JSON format
* **[Bug fix]** Pass features as part of the trimmed payload to the getSegment call

## Release notes for 1.40.11

### Bug fix:
* **[Bug fix]** Static menu items of navigation-menu module were incorrectly localized. Issue is fixed.